TODO List:

Combat Animations
    Combat Anims / Palettes as a separate tab?
    Combat Effects
    Combat Palettes
Overworld
Supports
Base
    Manage, Market?, Arena, *Repair (in market)*, Forge (optional), Bonus Exp / Skills, Convos, Support, Codex (World Map, Lore, Records, Achievements, Tactics), Options, Save, Continue/Finish
Minimap
Turnwheel mouse support
Autotiles (not just 29 frames)
Status Screen
Unit Menu
Joystick Remapping
Guide (on Options Menu and in Base -> Codex -> Guide)

Combat Anims > Overworld > Autotiles > Supports

Dialog box should pop up when saving and autosaving

Translations need a better GUI interface

Test Prep Menu (Market, Restock, Using an item in base -- Angelic Robe?)

Dialogue Log on R press

Skill System -- Auras, Modify AOE, Modify Forced Movement
Item System -- Multiple Target Items (test), Multiple Item Items (test)

Better method for frame speed for Map Animations
Book pages frames with a number under them?

Summoning
Sequence Items (Test using Jewrassic Parks weird Bow)
Auras
Silence target restrict (test)
Multi-items 
    Work as activated items
Test Warp, Rescue, Berserk, Silence, Sleep and all other items from Sacred Stones

Clean and Rename files/resources button in Help
Auto-check cross-references on editor load

Consider making StatList and WeaponList into a dictionary instead, that just references the actual order in DB.stats and DB.weapons to display order, and then uses the dictionary keys to display contents/values.

Consider giving each object a UID which is used for crossreferences... (This is probably the better way...)
I will consider it after finishing Chapter 5 of Sacred Stones

Make Chapter 5 of Sacred Stones
Test First 5 chapters of Sacred Stones

Customizable stat screen within Info Menu
Customizable item screen (to handle accessories...) within Info Menu

Supply Adjconvoy and Convoy skills

Weapon Level increment by weapon level ranks
Copy rows of stats and paste rows of stats

== Maybe, maybe not: ==
Klok's Combining items idea
" imagine that, when you select an item, an arrow appears on its left and the item would 'highlight'
then when you select the next item, it also highlights with an arrow, followed by a preview of their combined effects to the right/left, and a "Press A to attack" box"

- Yeti-style stat averages: Units start off when you recruit them with yellow stats, and the stats will shift to red or green depending on how they perform when leveling up. Example: If a unit should average 10 speed at level 15, and they have 10 speed, their SPD stat will be yellow. If instead they have 15 speed, their SPD stat will be green because they overperformed. If it's only 5, the SPD stat will be red because they underperformed.

Resources -- Show in explorer (maybe)...

For Portrait Editor:
    Position in main info menu setters
